THIRD-PARTY PROXY AGREEMENT
----------------------------

Usage of the iliahi tool (hereby "Tool") by you, the user, to upload to the Overleaf
servers (hereby "Overleaf"), due to technical limitations, requires the use of an accessible URI
directed at the LaTeX content/file to be imported. The aforementioned resource may be hosted by the
user or in this case hosted temporarily by a third-party server accessible by both user and Overleaf
(hereby "Proxy").

In choosing to utilize the Proxy to facilitate importing compiled LaTeX documents from the Tool, the
User acknowledges the following good-faith terms:

- Usage of the Proxy and Overleaf is not officially recognized or endorsed, availability and terms may change at
  any time. It is asked of the user that they follow best practices and etiquette for uploading to the Proxy and
  Overleaf.

- The user shall post files to the Proxy with expiration of at most one (1) hour, through the designated
  indication method (e.g. "expires" HTTP multipart field).

- The user shall not maliciously or willingly post a significant number of requests to the Proxy. The Tool
  provides the option every use for uploading to Overleaf via the Proxy which sends a single isolated
  request.

- The user shall monitor and acknowledge the accrued amount of content (measured in bytes) sent and stored
  by the Proxy and should abstain from exceeding the recommended per-hour count or by common sense to avoid
  overloading the Proxy.

- No malicious or inappropriate resources shall be willingly encoded or stored in the input raw/object file
  into the Tool or uploaded to the Proxy nor Overleaf.

- Please read the terms of use for both the Proxy and Overleaf prior to usage of the Tool with either service.


If you disagree or refuse to abide by any of these rules please kindly decline the TPPA. The TPPA is not
legally binding but rather a good-faith request and acknowledgment of the user to respect generously provided
public infrastructure.

Thank you!

Last updated 11-07-2025